feat(core): add `include_image` macro (#9959)
tauri-apps/tauri: .changes/include-image-macro.md

---
"tauri": "patch:feat"
"tauri-utils": "patch:feat"
"tauri-macros": "patch:feat"

> "tauri-codegen": "patch:feat"

Reviewer: tauri-codegen should have a different change file because it exports a different function `include_image_codegen`

> "tauri-cli": "patch:feat"
> "@tauri-apps/cli": "patch:feat"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"tauri-cli": "patch:feat"
"@tauri-apps/cli": "patch:feat"
```

This change doesn't concern CLI even if `schema.json` changed, same for `tauri-utils`, it is just a documentation change so it doesn't need a bump

---

> add a macro `include_image` to help using images from rust api directly like this `TrayIconBuilder::new().icon(include_image!("./icons/32x32.png")).build().unwrap();`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `include_image` macro to help embedding instances of `Image` struct at compile-time in rust to be used with window, menu or tray icons.
```
